the opel
the law
Czech is how the school spoke
I talked
love
ivan is the guy
I thought it did not work out that way.
yesterday shortly after in search of his team
I already knew the ex-Botafoguense
the delegate felipe neri coordinator of the
19th coorpin doctor these people will be
presented but the operation laguna a
tranquility you doctor if bonfim
could tell you where it happened and what
involvement of those people where it is not
easy we are with operation that the
distinct from what has been accomplished six
search and seizure warrants
f have been made three flagrant
trafficking are two sized egregious
firearm and even one of caliber
is also a brechó with resistance the
that the actions of the police with
violence against police officers and all
people with music was when we arrived
in a drug sales point
found with lots of cocaine and
minors
inside this site using the blog of +
coca drink is that person besides
sell the drug to do this Jorge
Hannas exact that even with staff
of savior we are still going to identify
Who are these elements of savior who
were here is where the process
reached began around 15 hours the
tournament was a morning snake told
with civilian police men only and
taking tranquility and tranquility this
shows a response from the delegate felipe
neri that support that the company you
of the bonfim trusted and one more vote is the
delegate to remain in the city of
of bonfim in that commitment with
society that could tell the
I respect that
we arrived here and grandson is e
presenting support to work, do not
our obligation is that it is our job
and we will continue developing this
job
is this the dolphin in exchange for the favor of
peb ii